README.md, before:

# [Simple recipes webpage](https://hithalocesar.github.io/odin-recipes/) :stew:

## About :information_source:
This is a HTML-only website made for the project "[Recipes](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-recipes)" proposed in the "Foundations" section of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) updated curriculum.

## Lessons Learned :thought_balloon:
As the very first project of the curriculum, this assignment gave me the opportunity to test out the basic HTML syntax and to learn how to write friendly clean code in a way that can be easily understandable by anyone. In the making, I got more familiar with the terminal by using some shell commands and by using a version control software — Git.

## Optimization :heavy_check_mark:
The choice of recipes was good, but their ingredients could be more varied and their steps could be better explained. The content of the recipes was not the focus of the project, but I might consider detailing them in the future. It is also in my interest to improve the website by learning CSS.

## Tech Used :computer:
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)

Commit message:

Add CSS, change main image and update README.md

README.md, after:

# [Recipes website](https://hithalocesar.github.io/odin-recipes/) :stew:

## About :information_source:
This is a rudimentary website made for the project "[Recipes](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-recipes)" proposed in the "Foundations" section of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) updated curriculum.

## Lessons Learned :thought_balloon:
As the very first project of the curriculum, this assignment gave me the opportunity to test out the basic HTML syntax and to learn how to write friendly clean code in a way that can be easily understandable by anyone. In the making, I got more familiar with the terminal by using some shell commands and by using a version control software — Git.

By styling this website with CSS afterwards, I was able to understand the basic syntax of this style sheet language and its cascading properties. I also went a bit off from the basic tracks, as I was excited to use some simple transitions.

## Optimization :heavy_check_mark:
The choice of recipes was good, but their ingredients could be more varied and their steps could be better explained. The content of the recipes was not the focus of the project, but I might consider detailing them in the future.

As for the looks, let me put it plain and simple: I'm not a designer, much less a web designer (yet?), so the website may not be so pretty in everyone's eyes. In a possible update, I might insert images of the recipes on the main page, make it responsive and add more animations.

## Tech Used :computer:
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
